Add fix for dask html repr bug. Add regression tests (#6088)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6088.bugfix.rst

> Add fix for dask arrays in map html representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a crash for dask arrays when displaying the `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` html representation.
```

Author: made changes as requested. Added backticks
